through the glass over the hedge follow
the rainbow to where my dreams begin
Josh usher I will be free I caught all
the Willoughby children ever wanted was
to have a normal family but their loving
parents have no love left over for them
[Music]
our parents are the worst just think
about how great our family could be if
they were gone how do you propose we
discard of two insidious Crona easy
oh they're there so that's why the
Willoughby children
we shall craft dangerous adventures
ascending their parents on a trip to die
for and you know it out no children
allowed
[Music]
Family Services we've received reports
of children without parents kids we have
to go they think you don't have a family
they'll keep chasing you we have to stay
together we're gonna find a new family
yeah
my duty is to look after you guys boy 1
and was it great family you have a great
family they need you and you need them
it's a candy factory drives a bitter
treat without someone sweets to share it
with what are you feeding her
[Music]
you
that's a cameraman he is filming you for
a documentary about a comedy festival
that started as a joke
one decade ago tomorrow and now
he was you just not I would say the
biggest influencer if it wasn't for you
I would have not made it in New York
that would have looked back to Chicago
his taste has more to do with the
friends that gravitated towards that
night
sorry holding four breaks okay
and this is the final ever Eugene Mirman
Comedy Festival we have such a wonderful
show for you tonight so many of my
favorite people have come you know who
doesn't say much Sorrell people from
Italy I know it started as a joke but
it's pretty good joke it's kind of a
heart behind the joke I do think that
comedy has the power to do more than
just make people laugh what I'm working
on now is a bit about cancer Eugene has
never really talked about his personal
life in his comedy ever terminal illness
more like bus terminal sorry that
doesn't make any sense I just did a
complete loss and very very sad
okay a little too sad that one's a
little too sad put it put it earlier in
the thing whistling yeah what happened
fun water and no offense anyone involved
in the organizing of it what a horrific
evening
thank you
[Applause]
my name's Mungo I'm a mole
I didn't dig into trap gold like town
and I come from a very long line of
miners but there's just one big problem
so did you tell your parents or you want
to be a footballer I tried but you know
how proud my god
come on Mungo it's time to get real you
are a bowl so so get your head out of
the clouds you'll never be a footballer
I want fetch my I think those Ray Phil
comics have a spy reporting back to them
slowing us down this is your dream
morning miners
[Music]
Morrison
there's no end
[Music]
technically badges can't climb trees
well technically animals can't talk
this game like life requires forethought
so that's not about where you are Tory
will be in 10 moves or 10 years
heart attack and how that even happened
that was in better shape than either of
us yeah there's something I need to
discuss with you what is it your father
left this for you
[Music]
and you alone does any daughter really
know her father
show me your face Lauren Elizabeth
Montero you're not like him I suspect
you're better than he ever was
who are you I'd like to think I'm a
member of the Sally
are there any old enemies of dads that I
should be aware of I both know he was no
saint someone was threatening our family
and dumped his body in the river you
said you could have the truth I know
things I'll take to the grave give me
what I asked for and I will tell you
everything
this is a game
what else was my dad hiding a lawyer a
banker a politician who'd you talk to
he hung the Holy Trinity the father had
no right to do what he did
alright the family
doesn't
when all is said and done you will know
the truth
and you will send me free
the truth must stay buried
hey Ron hey neighbor you see anything
weird outside your house you tell me all
right
[Music]
[Applause]
dad mom's been weird
mom's always been weird we don't up here
yeah don't let her in here my son likes
to play hide-and-seek can you bring him
down I didn't say he was here you're a
very stupid boy okay he's Dylan home
yeah
you know your son Dylan I don't have a
son he had no idea who I was talking
about
[Music]
he's gone I know it
I'd like to report a missing kid where
is your sister
[Music]
you guys hear that
the science of porn is well-known the
human brain when aroused by erotic
images dumps chemicals into the
bloodstream which send the viewer into
full throttle
give me more mode no that's right and we
may think that we're just being curious
but that will turn into an obsession
[Music]
when I watch that movie
see kids that's why I don't watch porn I
never expected to be sued as a doctor
and thinking of settling am I supposed
to do what do I'm gonna save rich
suppose I was one of your patients what
do you tell me I tell you to fight yeah
[Music]
and from that body of the money they're
gonna come looking for us on the search
the two fugitives suspected bombs
robbery earlier this evening
[Music]
is that him we had at that time this is
perfect
isolated you were mouth
my brother already has your wife and get
your operating doc my brother dies I'm
gonna kill you I'm gonna kill your
daughter
I'm gonna kill your wife and I'm gonna
kill your dad are you gonna be okay
used to be the big dog in town
don't try anything when I start cutting
bite on this
[Music]
we have to take control
I'm scared for you I promise
[Music]
what are you gonna do I'm gonna fight
him
[Music]
get out of here now
and Tufts on a huh
[Music]
be home for supper
two o'clock same is full day you're free
to leave make us put in half a day just
to collect our last check look I'm gonna
be out of work the same as everybody
else
guy knows he's not getting overtime
right yeah he knows he's just been with
the company a long time as long well
just make sure that he's gone before you
lock up last thing the company needs is
some broken-down Giri after getting left
behind
[Music]
I have my circle today grocery shopping
I see after anymore land like there
belongs you got a son you know
[Music]
for many folks the factory that's the
very heart of this town
what are you doing I'm going to work
damn
you just disappear you're not here I am
I was
a Lurie we can't have you in here we
just can't why are you doing this it's
just um I need to do it's a small town
it's hard to keep secrets around here
you order that factory
they'll arrest us all Ellery you did
this not me yeah there coz of you
[Music]
new liberties former workers have
reentered the plan and pledged to
fulfill the outstanding orders promise
defiance I just want do my job
you really started something here at
this statement of yours I'm not making
any statement but you are
[Music]
they me as a person needs a job to
survive but you need work to feel like
you're worth something
[Music]